Updating company values (#1738)
sourcegraph/about: company/values.md

# Sourcegraph values

These values are the beliefs and principles that help us achieve our [goals](goals/index.md) and [vision](strategy.md#vision).

> - [**Be customer driven**](#be-customer-driven): You proactively work on the right things by continuously orienting your goals around delivering value to your customer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Be customer driven**](#be-customer-driven): You proactively work on the right things by continuously orienting your goals around delivering value to your customers.
```

- [**Work as a team**](#work-as-a-team): You work collaboratively with your peers, cross-functional teammates, and leadership to create shared success, trust, and belonging.

> - [**High agency**](#high-agency): You have the power and the responsibility to improve Sourcegraph as a company and as a product. You deliver regardless of the circumstances.

Reviewer: What's behind delivering regardless of circumstances?

Reading the High agency section below, I can't really connect the meaning. This could be easily misinterpreted as "leadership" expects you to deliver even if they don't ensure you have the right context, clear goals, a psychologically safe environment and processes that work for you and not against you, etc.

I think it's important to distinguish between responsibility for these things and ultimate accountability — we want teammates to feel responsible, and empowered, to change and contribute to all these things, but ultimately, it's leadership's job to ensure these are taken care of (i.e. they are accountable).

Reviewer 2: This is an attempt to summarize this tweet (in the context of the whole thread): https://twitter.com/shreyas/status/1276956838840295425

> This could be easily misinterpreted as "leadership" expects you to deliver even if they don't ensure you have the right context, clear goals, a psychologically safe environment and processes that work for you and not against you, etc.

We are of course trying to provide the best environment for everyone to be successful (clear goals, right context, psychological safety, good processes, etc.). It is important to acknowledge that we will never be perfect, and in some cases we will fail. We expect every teammate, regardless of position, to be active agents in identifying/communicating when problems exist and collaborating to fix those problems (not idling standing by assuming someone else will fix a problem, or worse, pointing fingers).

I agree this sentence is less than ideal but don't currently have a good suggestion.

Author: Addressed in https://github.com/sourcegraph/about/pull/1760

> - [**High quality**](#high-quality): Every person on our team is individually responsible for knowing what high-quality work looks like and producing high-quality work.

Reviewer: What happens when two teammates don't have the same perception of what high quality work means? Who's ultimately "right"?

I don't think we should expect every teammate to KNOW what high-quality work is in every situation — there's a lot of context dependent, and team dependent, judgment, that requires alignment and conversation. I feel like this is more of a "we" thing than an I thing.

I'd like people to have strong opinions, weakly held, willing to learn something new and commit to a team decision that follows honest discussion.

Reviewer: After reading the correspondent section below, I'm suggesting this change.
```suggestion
- [**High quality**](#high-quality): Every person on our team is individually responsible for finding out what high-quality work looks like and producing that high-quality work.
```

- [**Open and transparent**](#open-and-transparent): You proactively communicate in an open and transparent way.

> - [**Get better**](#get-better): You strive to continuously grow and learn by genuinely soliciting feedback early and often, and humbly reflecting on your past mistakes.

Reviewer 3: Not blocking, feel free to ignore, but I like that phrase much more:

```suggestion
- [**Continuously grow**](#continuously-grow): You strive to continuously grow and learn by genuinely soliciting feedback early and often, and humbly reflecting on your past mistakes.
```

Sometimes it's hard to get _better_ at something, maybe even impossible, but it's nearly always possible to grow.

> - [**Be human**](#be-human): You are kind, empathetic, authentic, humble.

Reviewer 4: Can we move this to the top of the list? 🙂

Author: Addressed in https://github.com/sourcegraph/about/pull/1760

-------------

## Values in detail

### Be customer driven

> You proactively work on the right things by continuously orienting your goals around delivering value to your customer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You proactively work on the right things by continuously orienting your goals around delivering value to your customers.
```

As a team's size and scope grows, it (unintentionally) tends to become a workgroup. Resist this by aggressively focusing, or by splitting it into smaller teams.

### High agency

Everyone at Sourcegraph has the power and the responsibility to improve Sourcegraph as a company and as a product.

> “Life can be much broader once you discover one simple fact: Everything around you that you call life was made up by people that were no smarter than you and you can change it, you can influence it, you can build your own things that other people can use. Once you learn that, you'll never be the same again.” - Steve Jobs

A few examples of how we encourage high agency are by being a [handbook-first](https://about.sourcegraph.com/handbook/usage#why-handbook-first) company, which allows anyone to change how the business operates, and by empowering engineers to spend time on projects they believe in through our policy of [innovation time](https://about.sourcegraph.com/handbook/engineering#innovation-time).

> With agency comes responsibility; employees are expected to take initiative and engage in collaboration when exercising their agency.  If you feel that something is important, then advocate for it! If you feel like you're using the wrong tools for the job or doing the wrong thing, then you're responsible for quickly voicing that concern, and engaging with your teammates to find the solution that is the best for the team. This doesn't mean that you should make unilateral decisions. As an [open company](index.md#open-company), we value open discussion on important topics, and think that collaboration should be a large part of making things better. It is not a bad outcome if your proposal is not accepted or replaced with a better solution, because you took the initiative, started the conversation, and either reaffirmed that our current solution is good, or implemented an even better one!

Reviewer: Can we use the term teammate across the board (rather than employee)?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With agency comes responsibility; teammates are expected to take initiative and engage in collaboration when exercising their agency.  If you feel that something is important, then advocate for it! If you feel like you're using the wrong tools for the job or doing the wrong thing, then you're responsible for quickly voicing that concern, and engaging with your teammates to find the solution that is the best for the team. This doesn't mean that you should make unilateral decisions. As an [open company](index.md#open-company), we value open discussion on important topics, and think that collaboration should be a large part of making things better. It is not a bad outcome if your proposal is not accepted or replaced with a better solution, because you took the initiative, started the conversation, and either reaffirmed that our current solution is good, or implemented an even better one!
```

### High quality

> Every person on our team is individually responsible for finding out what high-quality work looks like and producing that high-quality work.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Every person on our team is individually responsible for finding out what high-quality work looks like and producing that high-quality work. We divide large problems into small low-risk, tractable problems that can be solved iteratively.
```

accidentally deleted the second sentence with the last update

> Every person on our team is individually responsible for knowing what high-quality work looks like and producing high-quality work. We divide large problems into small low-risk, tractable problems that can be solved iteratively.

Reviewer 2: Applying Tomás's suggestion here too since the content is copied.

```suggestion
Every person on our team is individually responsible for finding out what high-quality work looks like and producing that high-quality work.
```

> Every person on our team is individually responsible for knowing what high-quality work looks like and producing high-quality work. You divide large problems into small low-risk, tractable problems that can be solved iteratively.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
Every person on our team is individually responsible for knowing what high-quality work looks like and producing high-quality work. We divide large problems into small low-risk, tractable problems that can be solved iteratively.
```

> - If you don’t know what high quality looks like, it's your responsibility to find out (for example, by asking teammates and stakeholders).

Reviewer: This elaboration solves some of the concerns with the short version above, but I still think we should make it less prone to misinterpretation (above).

Reviewer 2: I agree that I think this value could be updated to be clearer, but for the purposes of this PR it hasn't actually changed (just moved), so I think we should defer editing this value to another PR.

Author: Addressed in https://github.com/sourcegraph/about/pull/1760

- If you don’t have the time to produce high-quality work, then it's your responsibility to take more time or cut scope (and communicate this), so that you can produce high-quality work.
- If you don’t have the skills to produce high-quality work, then it's your responsibility to acquire those skills (for example: learn them yourself, make use of [Sourcegraph's education budget](../handbook/people-ops/travel.md#professional-development-and-education), delegate to an existing teammate with the necessary skills, or hire a new teammate with those skills).
- If you need help producing high-quality work, it is your responsibility to get that help.

If we discover that we've produced something that does not meet our quality bar, we'll roll it back (for example, revert a commit, roll back a deployment, or unpublish content) until we can make it high quality. If that's not possible, we'll prioritize improving it.

> High-quality isn't the opposite of iterative. You can keep quality high while still being iterative by narrowing the scope (for example, by solving a smaller problem at first, or by solving it only for certain customers initially).

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
High quality doesn't mean perfect or fully complete. High-quality isn't the opposite of iterative. You can keep quality high while still being iterative by narrowing the scope (for example, by solving a smaller problem at first, or by solving it only for certain customers initially).
```

Reviewer 6: As per [my previous comment](https://github.com/sourcegraph/about/pull/1738#issuecomment-707004515)

Author: Addressed in https://github.com/sourcegraph/about/pull/1760

> Our code and PRs are public, so lack of transparency is only obfuscation, not security. Unless something is immediately exploitable and would put customer data at risk, you should be completely transparent about it, just like any other non-security improvement.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
Our code and PRs are public, so lack of transparency is only obfuscation, not security. Unless something is immediately exploitable and would put customer data at risk, you should be completely transparent about it, just like any other non-security improvement.

Being open and transparent also means sharing your work frequently. You should keep others informed on what you're working on, your progress, and plans. It is helpful in getting more diverse feedback and spotting dependencies between the teams and the solutions. It's your responsibility to make everyone feel welcomed to share their point of view.
```

Reviewer 6: As per [my previous comment](https://github.com/sourcegraph/about/pull/1738#issuecomment-707004515)

Author: Addressed in https://github.com/sourcegraph/about/pull/1760

> ### Get better

Author: ```suggestion
### Continuously grow
```
